[Applause]
great to have you here it's an honor to
have you here and I'm wondering what
goes through your mind when you come
into this neighborhood where you hosted
the Oscars so many times yeah and you
see the street closed down and you're
maneuvering your way through what it
what do you think of how to use Waze
very practical yeah we you know we post
between the two of us eleven times this
year is another no host show no host
which is like having a trial without
witnesses it moves faster but it's not
quite the result that you want you think
that a host is important to this show
yeah seems like it yeah to me you know
it's it's the tradition of it when we
did it I you know I always felt I was in
the line of Johnny and Bob Hope and the
people that grew up with all the same
way about you yes thank you I always
loved being out there I loved the I
guess the trust you know that the movie
Academy had in me to to get me out there
and I always felt like it was a great
honor to do it and I think that when you
have a show that's as long as it is
things are gonna happen and I think the
problem with the no host thing perhaps
is that there's not somebody out there
to capitalize on that moment like if you
had won the wrong Best Picture that's
right yeah that's it there that show
would still be on right yeah so if
there's nobody there and you were great
for me I had some of my best moments
were won something what like what is
something that is sticks in your mind as
something what went wrong I had to
introduce a hundred year old giant in
the movie industry named Hal Roach al
Roach yes I now what created our gang
comedies
yeah little rascals old Laurel and Hardy
he was a real father of film comedy and
he was a hundred years old and I was
supposed to introduce him he was sitting
right in the in the second row and he
was just supposed to wave on the
occasion of his 100th birthday just
stand up if he could which he did and
and just wave so I said proper
introduction ladies and gentlemen 100
year old giant of the movie industry we
all have a debt of thanks to wonder only
mr. Hal Roach we stands up and he waves
and he has no mic and then he begins to
talk and it sounded like this to
everybody in that he we were at the
shrine going you know back in Culver
City when I had missed the Laurel and
mr. Hardy back and we would ride down in
Boulevard and make movies and that's was
a beautiful thing in 1935 and we hit it
off and I said what if we do for realism
that's how feature comedies started then
came the war and Jim he's going on and
on and he's got no mic and sitting in
the front row is our friend Warren
Beatty and he's sitting there going
and the Cyclops is on you the cameras on
you with the red light and lines now
we're flying through my head yo alright
say that no don't say that and then one
hit like a slot machine in Vegas
and I just looked at the audience I said
it's very fitting because he got his
start in silent films I was good at them
cannot prepare for that that's just Lee
you know when you're out there yeah well
I hope that happens again this this
weekend yeah I hope they get the right
people out there in case something I
hope they don't I hope it's a disaster
we have to stick together you know I
mean these jobs are very few yeah you um
how's your wife Janice she's great she's
here she oh good she came along yeah
things are good everything all right
we're still together mm-hmm
folks my proudest accomplishment we will
be married 50 years
I was I was seven she was six it was an
orthodox casita thing we hadn't even met
but we were in the middle of a very odd
thing that happened to us about six days
ago okay all right it's three o'clock in
the morning and we don't know it but
outside a skunk has sprayed our air
conditioning units great so you know
what this is going so the house we what
we both wake up with this incredibly
foul smell my eyes watering and she
looks at me and she says what the hell
did you eat That's not me she said we're
married 49 years that is human so it's a
hard to Scott it's a horrible horrible
horrible smell so the next thing we
called the air-conditioning guy comes
out to check out how do you clean this
unit and he goes you got a bigger
problem than skunks I said what he goes
look at those paw prints do you have a
dog I said no that's mountain lion
that's a mountain lion and there's
little Tufts of fur around so I said did
he scared the skunk and he sprayed said
no he ate this guy eating a skunk
mentioned how bad that gasps you gotta
be hungry whoa cheese sorry a hundred so
sorry I had that skunk whoa let me squat
in some tomato juice so now we've got
this potential sky you know Mountain
Lion wine and you know terrorizing the
neighborhood and we're terrified so we
get these cameras that are night-vision
cameras that are motion controls so if
anything walked in front of it takes a
picture mm-hmm two nights ago was he a
picture of a mountain lion hey guys take
all this guy
he's wearing a maggot hat oh my gosh so
now he's got two strikes again yeah well
you need to move there's no that what
are you gonna do well Janice's well
let's get a dog I said you know what a
dog is to a mountain lion
you know an appetiser dog is not gonna
help no and you know I listen I like
dogs mm-hmm I had dogs when I was a kid
but at this point in my life I travel a
lot if I'm home late at night and I'm in
bed if somebody's next to me going I
want it to be my wife
[Laughter]
have you ever seen you ever seen anybody
look happy when they're walking a dog
[Laughter]
they don't look they look miserable
while they're waiting for this thing to
carpet-bomb
you know and you could be I don't care
about the matter how powerful you are
how much money could be a bit of a
lawyer the head of a company that you
could be a queen of the tick when you're
waiting for a dog to do that you're
working for the dog 100% right you could
be the Pope but you're still a dope with
a plastic bag on your head wait until I
pick up poop that's what it is we were
at the White House in 2001 okay
President Bush right we were screening a
movie I directed called 61 about Roger
Maris right in various fields so we're
screening at the White House and it was
really exciting I have to say at the end
of the movie President Bush said
goodnight he goes upstairs to the
residence and they took us on a tour of
the West Wing so now it's about 10:30
night we're leaving and President Bush
is coming down from the private quarters
and he looks like any Oh middle-aged
father who just put in a hard day of
screwing up the economy and sending us
into a war we she's never been just a
day and he's got two sleeves rolled up
and he looked tired but he was actually
a fun guy for getting to politics and
he's walking two dogs and he's got a
plastic bag in his hand and I'm thinking
this is the most powerful man in the
world and he's gonna pick up poop and
then later I found out they would Dick
Cheney's dog Oh
[Applause]
hey Rollins right hey are you everyone I
get around what are you doing here
honestly I don't even know
but you killed Rory I didn't kill that's
why he was dressed are you doing that
your hands on a shoulder right before
you strangle to have already died of the
building he doesn't keep me on are you
high yeah a very sweet movie a nice
relationship we'll talk a little bit
about your character I play Marty who is
a an alcoholic pot smoking dermatologist
which was very difficult for me because
I'm not a dermatologist it's the story
of these two lost souls the wonderful
Bench ward Susan yeah he's a real
[Applause]
bondage we've become very close friends
so you took him to the Clippers game
yeah I'm like his uncle no yeah I take
him a Clippers games and we hang out and
he's an awfully funny guy in a great
he's one of those rare guys that you
know was raised well uh-huh you know
what I mean he's like he's you know it's
terrific it's funny because I I'm
guessing that your relationship was
similar to the relationship you have in
the movie well I you know he comes to
he's a failed comedian uh-huh they
character yeah he comes to me with a
rash on his arm and I help him out
but then we start talking and I helped
him with his act by helping him with his
life and he helps me begin to clean up
and we start to understand each other
and I unburden myself with all the past
that's driving me to drink and do drugs
and all it is is that is it feel odd for
you because I know we all think of
ourselves as you know just ourselves and
you don't even really attach an age to
yourself is it odd being like the mentor
to guys like Ben or you know younger
guys you know its first of all it's
lovely just to be working uh-huh and and
working with great brilliant people like
that I just acted and directed with
wonderful Tiffany Haddish yes
yes very excited about that yeah we I
directed the movie and co-wrote it with
Alan Zweibel and we play we have a very
interesting story together and that's
called here today and will be coming out
later this year yes I love supportive
and I loved working with her and I love
you know working with Ben because they
bring out the best in you because you
have you know we come from different
times obviously in our approach to
comedy but in the end the pursuit is the
same you know you look you're looking
for honesty and and and the laugh and
and that's a craft that I so love and as
I get older and I appreciate it more I I
think I'm working as well as I ever did
maybe even better yeah and the thing
with movies is hard is movie comedies is
look at we shot in September I we set up
the jokes in September you don't get the
left till May Yeah right right when
people start to look at it yeah and so
that's that's the charming part about it
too and it's nice too because you all
you get is the laughs when it comes out
you know and when you cut the movie
comes out there's none of the work part
involved it you have a reward yeah but
you know that the mentor thing that you
keep being reminded you know a question
well you know you're all that yeah but
you know when you really get reminded
that you're old I kept my birthday's
coming up in March
uh-huh I'm a medium and some things are
blocked I have to take my written
driver's test over yeah written this is
it the written test over this is a
nightmare
I mean I've been driving since I'm 18
I'm gonna be 72 right uh-huh and I look
bad
I have never gotten a ticket except I
have 11,000 parking tickets but I've
never gotten a ticket for a moving
violation or anything like that but when
I take the practice tests I wouldn't get
in the car with me other questions are
hard yeah let me let me see if you do
all right okay this is a true or false
question okay
when George this is an actual friend
from the test all right when driving
under snowy your icy conditions you
should make speed and directional
changes more gradually than you would
otherwise
yes doc true yeah nuts a broken yellow
centerline means that you can pass on
the left if the road ahead is clear true
okay when being followed by a tailgater
which finger do you use to tell them to
I use the big one yeah okay when taking
a selfie while driving uh-huh this is on
the test Wow
should you be in the portrait mode okay
I feel like I'm doing well so far how
you very good great okay great you're
pushing 60
mm-hmm in a school zone why does that
infraction call a speeding I guess it's
called the Prince Andrew
[Applause]
[Laughter]
we got to go out on that right now
come on this is the last one well and I
think we've been guilty about this okay
when parking in a handicapped space how
long after you exit the car should you
fake your limp
trevor was pretty persuasive out with
the tenderloins thanks for watching
remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed